Add DD_CALL_BASIC_CONFIG={true,false} environment variable (#2485)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

     - Boolean
     - True
     - Enables :ref:`Logs Injection`.
   * - ``DD_CALL_BASIC_CONFIG``
     - Boolean
     - True

>      - Controls whether ``ddtrace-run`` calls ``logging.basicConfig``, or when running in debug mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Controls whether ``logging.basicConfig`` is called in ``ddtrace-run`` or when debug mode is enabled.
```

was a little awkward before IMO
